make rayon optional (#419)
image-rs/imageproc: README.md

Full blown computer vision applications (e.g. face recognition or image registration) probably also belong elsewhere, but the line's a bit blurred here (e.g. is image in-painting an image processing task or a computer vision task?). However, worrying about how to structure the code can probably wait until we have more code to structure...

# Crate Features

Imageproc is built with these features enabled by default:

> -   `rayon` enables multithreading image processing for certain operations (i.g., geometric transformations) via [rayon](https://github.com/rayon-rs/rayon)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `rayon` enables multithreading for certain operations (e.g., geometric transformations) via [rayon](https://github.com/rayon-rs/rayon)
```

Optionally, the following dependencies can be enabled:

> -   `property-testing` enables testing (not that it is only for internal usage for now) with [quickcheck](https://github.com/BurntSushi/quickcheck)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `property-testing` exposes helper types and methods to enable property testing via [quickcheck](https://github.com/BurntSushi/quickcheck).
```

> -   `display-window` enables to display images (using `imageproc::window`) with [sdl2](https://github.com/Rust-SDL2/rust-sdl2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `display-window` enables the displaying of images (using `imageproc::window`) with [sdl2](https://github.com/Rust-SDL2/rust-sdl2)
```
